different between let const and var;
var---

1- var is introduced in before the ES6 version .
2- var keyword variable has function scope .
3- var keyword variable are hoisted . 
4- var can be re-initialization and re-declaration.

let ------
 
 1- let is introduced in the ES6 version.
 2- let keyword variable has block scope.
 3- let keyword variable are hoisted but not initialized.
 4 let keyword variable is re-initialization but not a re-declaration.

 const ---

 1- const is also introduced in the ES6 version.
 2- const keyword variable has also a block scope.
 3- const keyword variable are hoisted  but not initialized.
 4- const keyword variable is not a re-initialization and not a re- declaration.
 5- const keyword variable  must be initialized value at the time of declaration.

what is function;

A function is a set of statements used to perform a specific task.

In js 3 type of functions;
1-  function declaration  2- function expression  3- arrow function;
1- function declaration -- i- create a function with function keyword followed by function name is known as function declaration.
                          ii- it is a block of code should not use semicolon to end.
                          ii- it can be used before creation.


2- function expression --  i- create a anonymous function and assigning to the variables is known as function expression.
                          ii- it is a group of statements so we should use semicolon at the  end.
                          ii- it can be not used before creation.
 anonymous function -- A function without function name is known as anonymous function.



3- arrow function-- An arrow function is a shorter and cleaner way to write functions in JavaScript it is introduced in ES6 version.



function main(){
  console.log('hello');
}
main();




let express = function(){
  console.log('hii')
}
express();


let arrow=()=>{
  console.log('bye')
}
arrow();

what is js?
js is a scripting language which is used to control the behavior of webpage
and it is clint side programming language we can not execute js file directly     

what is keyword?
key word is predefine word or reserved word in a programming language that has a special meaning.

what is variable?
variable is container which is use to store a single value.
in js we can create a variables in three way--
var , let and const.

what is data type?
in JavaScript data type is represent the type of data.
their are 2 type of data type--
1- primitive data type.
2- non-primitive data type.

primitive data type --
primitive data type is holing a single value and it is non-mutable.
there are 7 type of primitive data type-
1- Number 2- sting 3- boolean 4- null 5- undefined 6- bigInt 7- symbol.

non-primitive data type--
it is holing collection of values and it is mutable.
just like --
objects, array, functions

what is operators?
it is symbol used to perform operations on value and variables.
there are 7 type of operators--
1- Arithmetic op.+,-,* , /, %
2- logical op. && , ||
3- assignment op. = == <= >= <> ===
4- comparison op. true false
5- string op.
6- type op. / bitwise op.
7- ternary op.

good morning ma'am my name is Gulshan Kumar and from Reabareli Utter Pradesh and i'm currently pursuing my B.tach 3rd year in computer sienese from js university Shikohabaad and i have to strong in web development and software engineering 
i specialize in the MERN full stack and also practice in  dsa using JavaScript to improve my problem solving skills.and I believe in consistency, discipline, and a growth mindset. I'm looking forward to working in an organization where I can apply my skills.


what is callback function?
A function which is passed to the as a argument to another function is known as callback function.

what is higher order function?
A function which is accepting a function as a parameter in known as higher order function.


  the function is known as 